Developing Your 2-day Healthy Eating Plan
The 2-day Healthy Eating Plan must meet the criteria outlined in the Developing Your 2-Day Healthy Eating Plan Checklist. Use NutriCalc reports as needed to evaluate whether or not you are meeting the criteria. Note: When building your healthy eating plan, do not repeat foods on day 2 that you already used on day 1.

Use the Checklist for Developing Your 2-Day Healthy Eating PlanPreview the document to help you complete the steps below:

Step 1
Review the Project Dietary Guidelines, MyPlate, and Menu Planning Principles before building your 2-day healthy eating plan.
Navigate to NutriCalc in your McGraw-Hill Connect account and log in.
Click on Reports. Using your profile, look at the MyPlate Report to view the recommended intakes for each food group. These are the food group goals that you will base the 2-day healthy eating plan upon.  You may find it helpful to fill out the 2-Day Healthy Eating Plan TemplatePreview the document to begin drafting your 2-day healthy eating plan. List the amount or quantity of food and identify the food group each item falls within.
Step 2
Once you have what feels like a solid draft of the 2-day healthy eating plan, enter each food item on your eating plan into NutriCalc under the Intake tab (make sure to note the date you entered foods as well as the meal or snack category they were eaten in).

NOTE about entering foods:

For combination foods, separating out foods will help with accuracy. For example, a turkey sandwich made with lettuce, cheese, tomato, mayonnaise, and whole wheat bread should be six separate food entries in NutriCalc. Do not search “turkey sandwich” and select a combination food.

When available, choose a food item that has "USDA" listed beside it to improve the accuracy of your results.

As you add foods to NutriCalc, you can look at the MyPlate Report to evaluate your progress on meeting the food group goals. Once you have met the food group goals, you can use the Recommendations Report to see if you have met the rest of the criteria above. Note: When generating the reports, make sure to run them to include day 1 and day 2 so that you can see an average.

You may have to revise your 2-day eating plan a few times to create a plan that meets all of the criteria outlined above.

Step 3
Once you are satisfied with the plan you’ve created and have it finalized, complete the Summary of 2-Day Healthy Eating Plan.Preview the document

Submission
When finished with your healthy eating plan, you will need to upload all of the following completed files for this assignment submission:

SUMMARY of 2-Day Healthy Eating Plan (Word document)
NutriCalc Report (PDF file):
All Daily Reports (make sure this report includes both day 1 and day 2 before you generate it).
Refer to the Building a Healthy Diet Project Rubric for grading expectations, which can be found with this assignment. Check the Course Calendar or Syllabus for due dates.