Now that you have defined the problem (Milestone I)  and completed a stakeholder analysis (Milestone II), you will consider the impact of various aspects of the Boeing organization on the predicament in which Boeing finds itself. In this assignment you will take the research that you have completed already along with research that you will do for this Milestone and relate that new knowledge to concepts from class.

Consider each topic area and decide if and how it relates to the predicament Boeing finds itself in today. For example, what strategy did Boeing pursue to catch up to Airbus? How did this contribute to its current predicament? Regarding organizational structure, what is Boeing’s structure? How might this structure have impacted Boeing’s strategy and contributed to the problem? If you completed the 5-why correctly, your team should have a strong base from which to work.

The impact of each of the topic areas may not be immediately clear, so it is a good idea to review the PPT slides for each topic as you consider the impact on the problem.

Instructions:

Review the materials from the first weeks of this course as you address each of the topics below.
Address the topics based on the lessons from class and Boeing itself, both before and after the accidents. Consider how the lessons from class fit together.
Do not copy/paste information from class PowerPoints.  Develop the ideas in your own words.
Address these topics:

Strategy
Structure
Enterprise business processes and information systems
Supply chains
ITPM and governance
Enterprise Architecture
Digital business
Multi-cultural teams
Organizational ethics
***Corporate social responsibility*** (Do not need to do)
Expectations:

Instructions will be followed exactly
Format will be clear and easy to read
The team will work together to complete the deliverable
Submission Requirements:

Times New Roman, 12pt, single-spaced
Length: Your submitted document should be 3-4 pages in length
Longer is fine, shorter means you need more detail
Submit one document per team
Cite your sources - there should be a minimum of 5 sources in the paper
Example:
The Washington Post is a reputable source (DocTalks.com).
Sources can be links like last time
Sources must be listed in a separate section at the end of the paper
Sources may be reused, but 5 different, reputable sources must be listed
Include in-text citations 
Helpful Links:

http://managementhelp.org/organizations/culture.htm (Links to an external site.)
 http://www.strategy-business.com/article/10-Principles-of-Organizational-Culture?gko=71d2f (Links to an external site.)
https://www.hofstede-insights.com/models/organisational-culture